1 : What does CSS stand for?
Ans : CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheet. CSS can format the document content(written in HTML or other markup language): layout. colors. fonts


2 : Which HTML tag is used to define an internal style sheet?
Ans : An internal CSS is used to define a style for a single HTML page. An internal CSS is defined in the <head> section of an HTML page, within a <style> element.


3 : Which HTML attribute is used to define inline CSS?
Ans : The style attribute specifies an inline style for an element.


4 : Which is the correct CSS syntax?
Ans : The selector points to the HTML element you want to style. The declaration block contains one or more declarations separated by semicolons. Each declaration includes a CSS property name and a value, separated by a colon.


5 : TRUE/FALSE – CSS is case sensitive ?
Ans : Actual CSS itself is not case sensitive, but it is just that the names must be case sensitive to become unique identifiers. 


6 : How do you insert a comment in a CSS file?
Ans : The /* */ comment syntax is used for both single and multiline comments. There is no other way to specify comments in external style sheets.


7 : 
Ans : 


8 : What is NOT an advantage of using CSS files?
Ans : The only disadvantage can be assigned to CSS is non-compability with all internet beowsers , Surveys says that today 85% of user able to see that uses CSSzwhile the others are not.


9 : 
Ans : 


10 : Which property is used to specify table borders in CSS?
Ans : the border property
To specify table borders in CSS, use the border property.


11 : What is the CSS shorthand to set a borders top to 10, bottom
to 5, left to 20 andright to 1 pixel?
Ans : border: 10px 1px 5px 20px;


12 : True or False: The borders of an element can vary only up to 2
sides
Ans : False


13 : Which is the correct use of border-radius
Ans :The border-radius CSS property rounds the corners of an element's outer border edge. You can set a single radius to make circular corners, or two radii to make elliptical corners.


14 : Which property is used to change the background color?
Ans : background-color CSS property - The background-color CSS property sets the background color of an element


15 : Which CSS property is used to change the text color of an
element?

Ans : The color property is used to set the color of the text.


16 : Which CSS property controls the text size?
Ans : The font-size CSS property sets the size of the font.


17 : What is the correct CSS syntax for making elements bold?
Ans : You can use either keywords or a numeric value to instruct CSS on how bold a particular set of text should appear. The syntax of the CSS font-weight property is as follows: font-weight: weightOfFont; The value of weightOfFont is the weight of the font you want to use for the element to which the style is applied.


18 : Types of element positioning in CSS?
Ans : There are five different position values:
	static.
	relative.
	fixed.
	absolute.
	sticky.


19 : What property defines whether background images scroll
along 58. with the element when the document is scrolled?
Ans : The background-attachment property sets whether a background image scrolls with the rest of the page, or is fixed.


20 : How to handle content overflow in the element?
Ans : We can use CSS overflow property to manage/handle the overflowing content of an element. This property allows user to clip content, provide scrollbars to view clipped content, render content outside the container thus the name overflow.


21 : What is padding ?
Ans : An element's padding area is the space between its content and its border. Note: Padding creates extra space within an element. In contrast, margin creates extra space around an element.


22 : Which property is used to change the left margin of an
element?
Ans : The margin-left CSS property sets the margin area on the left side of an element. A positive value places it farther from its neighbors, while a negative value places it closer.

